📢 New Post: https://galaxyproject.org/news/2026-02-24-jetstream-2-vgp-genomes/ (#637)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_news/2026-02-24-jetstream-2-vgp-genomes-eu.md

---
media:
- matrix-eu-announce
- mastodon-eu-freiburg
mentions:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - galaxyproject@mstdn.science
hashtags:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - UniFreiburg
---
IU-led Jetstream2 cloud computing and the Galaxy platform power the Vertebrate Genomes Project to produce 272 near error-free genome assemblies across 271 species.
https://galaxyproject.org/news/2026-02-24-jetstream-2-vgp-genomes/

> ![A phylogenetic tree showing the evolutionary relationships among 271 vertebrate species whose genomes were assembled by the Vertebrate Genomes Project](https://galaxyproject.org/images/news/2026-02-24-jetstream-2-vgp-genomes/Simplified_Figure_tree.webp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A phylogenetic tree showing the evolutionary relationships among 271 vertebrate species whose genomes were assembled by the Vertebrate Genomes Project](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b125251-cbaa-4142-950c-661ff7a614e2)
```
